
1.  Point 4 + Incentives?

"every dollar counts"
    "accountable market, means" 
    versus faculty who should also be caring for "mission"

   Faculty is excellent on all respects with regard to mission.
   Where does administration stands?
    Metrics: UCSB, schwab donations,...

 Provost Christ brings up the need to focus on market and margin 
in addition to mission for our university. As she rightly points
out, faculty have traditionally focussed largely on mission, and
changing this mission oriented culture has serious risk, since 
our faulty are performing extremely well by all metrics. Market 
and means can much more readily be addressed by the other leg of the
university - the administration - without compromising their mission. 
Provost Christ's directive that every dollar counts in conjunction
with an analysis of UCB versus UCSB on effective
overhead rates suggests that we have significant opportunities for 
greater efficiency, without compromising mission, on the administrative side.   

  In particular, the need to have
faculty understand these needs. 

2.  Decreases in staff not comensurate with increases even
    in recent times, especially  as colleges and school staffs
    did not increase. 

3. Provost Christ identifies our two main products as a university ---
  teaching and research. Since faculty time and attention are finite
and precious resources, there is an underlying tradeoff between these. 
Given the desirability of increasing research revenues, without compromising
teaching standards, we have to focus on methods of decreasing faculty
overheads in these activities. Luckily our current situation provides with
some low hanging fruit --- the lack of teaching support, including insufficient
TAS budgets, is a major drain on faculty time. Back of the envelope calculations suggest that the tradeoff would be extremely favorable.   

Point 2.  Currently, lack of support for teaching is a major
   drain on faculty time.  This has follow on effects on research
   productivity and associated funding. 

Very simple metric, and from this viewpoint, in comparison
with our closest ... . If our overhead was consistent
was theirs we would take of our deficit and probably more. 


     